is an IRA Tom sent here with the ravaged
a test stayed out of the bx and we're
here for total rouse me good yes yes
stop so okay good what you got me today
um today I would I got on my feet I got
on the galaxy flight ones penny flight
ones what's your favorite pancakes um my
favorite bread cakes is the the college
blue jordan 17 I was in sixth grade and
I just remember able to shoot it came
there like a suitcase and everybody was
talking about it in um I just remember
just trying to get my mom to buy it for
me that was like the biggest the biggest
struggling in like so I'll remember was
like my birthday I was just like she
just surprised me with it but I had it
in I just felt like I was just elite my
own way I have mom Jordan Wizards Jersey
I used to wear like one breakers at
school I every Monday so that's probably
my favorite pancakes actually got up a
few when i get it is hidden so now this
is um this actually this is the second
time i had him um did different 2001
let me ask you about these right
actually a little birdie the they're not
the most attractive they're doing by any
means yeah it's the memory is actually
another stinking that came on 2008 and a
lot of people a lot of people are like
new sneak ads but what I why I have
pulled this off because I actually still
in my collection has it from when I was
a little kid wow wow hold on a second
y'all see this box doesn't exist anymore
and that's 11 and a half yeah so for me
to still have old for me to have these
again and like a lot of people and this
is maybe like 16 years ago 60 is painful
yeah I still have them so that's pretty
dope that's very so that's a lot of
dedication there yeah just carry it what
made you received man I don't remember
me right I mean I had thing is when I
was younger my mom made me throw them
out when I couldn't fit into them the
fact that you kept them almost 20 years
is like I think I think the thing with
like sneakers in my mom and she grew to
accept it I was LeBron James and this is
his first nike shoe so they're not the
most attractive at all but from he's at
ten now and fit to all start here these
wasn't even cold LeBron he's recall the
air zoom generations and I just remember
it was a it's a storm gun hill role in
the Bronx call each my and I just
remember everybody's I got it terrible
that terrible night not he's a brown
james and i had just bought him and i
still have them to this day ping stay
away down now i can't wait on these i'm
like a 10 and a half to like a man I
think I was in seventh grade worst thing
I probably ever did was pray just camp
out even though it is a different
feeling you get when you can't bout but
to just be it was it was cold what's me
that was actually the year to rabbit
seventh okay and um that was probably
because i was working I'm working in
full of go for a while
before then I wasn't scared to go in
flight club and just pay extra two
hundred three hundred dollars for Pierre
sneakers but I'm just prior I camped out
for like um I was actually with my
friend no one knows and he was there
longer than me so um we had waited it
was it was overnight maybe like 15 16
hours which is not even bad compared to
something for some people camp out for
five days so um that's probably the
worst tank just because it was really
cold and I was something new to me how
was your first time came in out I was my
first time campana was it right there oh
my was worth it what's this make a hat
to you um sneakerhead is somebody that
lives that lives in Dodds if they can't
get something ass nigga head is somebody
that will go out in at any expense or do
anything to get something they really
want any tips this nigga hides um tips
for sniggered do whatever it takes do it
everything I spend all your money to be
honest you can't die with it so very it
takes don't let anything come in between
something you really want you to compare
your music to NE peut kicks what would
it be um if I could compare my music any
pancakes I'll probably say like the
Jordan for just because it is hot people
can't really explain why is hot but they
love it and they appreciate it and is oh
yeah they appreciated him people want it
except we need it tell me about you know
his project my newest project is um 343
um that's that came out in july july
2012 and um I just what I did with my
last project was I gave music that was
me my projects before I was more like it
was more like situations like the one
before was like heartbreak the one
before that was like um
coming back from school and then the one
before that was instant Dean this one
was more like I'm ready to step on the
scene I'm ready to tell you about me and
343 on my grants me with the title comes
from in my um two of my favorite Jordans
on the three and four so the cover has
the three of four and two three and 343
it was actually my commission on that
work so i gave you music about a guy who
works a nine-to-five job who sell
sneakers collect sneakers and loves
fashion and loves women and love stuff
like that and put it out in people
people really really like liked it and
they'd still bump into it I've been
shooting videos to it for like the last
couple months in performing it at all my
shows and people really been digging it
when's the next project coming out I'm
the next project I'm aiming for um
actually the same release date as I had
last year July tenth 2012 I mean 13 so i
can't really like spill the beans on the
name of a project yet but i look forward
to that look forward to another sandwich
eat it of course any last words um any
last words is um love sneakers and
appreciate music and quit work hey well
oh you can you can find me on twitter
GAE TI PS and see graham the same um yes
hot lightning and make it happen 343
taped it Thank You Phil max